**A long time ago in an office far, far away.**

A man sat in a cubicle in the darkness, staring at an open document with every word highlighted. He moved his pinky ever so slowly to the bottom left corner of the keyboard, forehead shiny with sweat. As his pinky took its rightful place on the control key, he froze, paralyzed. Afraid that one wrong move would destroy everything he'd worked on, everything that he highlighted. The man knew that there were many ways to lose this document, and that time was not on his side. As he prepared his index finger to travel to the 'C' key, the alarm sounded out once more, this time with less energy. The battery was dying. A panic look crossed the man's face, eyes darting between the battery indicator, the chat window, and the document. If he could just get the text moved online, his work would live on, his task would be complete, and his day would have meaning. As his finger reached the 'C' key, he pressed down, shakily. The text was copied. Oh no, where is the chat window?? It was just here! He needed that chat window! The man panicked, he searched the screen, the taskbar, the windows behind the windows. Ah! There! The window had been shrunken down until only the title was visible. He opened the window and set the cursor within the text box. His finger slid over to the 'V' key.

He needs only a little more time! Please, just a few seconds more! Again, the alarm sounds, this time with the enthusiasm of a ship releasing its last pocket of air before sinking below the waves into the darkness below. He presses V, allowing himself the slightest feeling of relief as the text fills the textbox. His pinky already hovers over the Enter key. He presses it. He presses the key with every ounce of strength left in his tired, sore hands. He presses it and waits. The circle spins.

Seasons come and go, life carries on, as does death. And still he waits. The alarm begins to sound one last time, draining the last vestige of power from his computer. And just as the monitor fades to black, the man sees the circle turn into a green check mark. Message sent. The man remembers to breathe and begins to relax muscles that he did not know were tense. His job was over. He'd sent the message. The client would know that the issue she was seeing was on the user end and didn't actually represent an error in the code. A smile crept across the man's face. The man knows the panic he quelled, the raging fire that he single-handedly extinguished. And with that knowledge, the smile reached his eyes and a single tear formed in the corner of his eye. He brushed it away quickly. "Not today, tear. Not today."
