# Our old friend CSRF Protection

Previously on pryano.github.io:
> Agh my submit won't work! I tried setting my ORIGIN and forwarded headers, but it's still not working! What is going on??

Okay let's take a moment and lay out the facts, what we *know* is happening, and narrow our focus along the call stack to 
find exactly where our expectations are shattered.

## Defining the problem
When the site is started in dev mode, behind the reverse proxy, when submitting a FormAction request, we
get the error "Cross-site POST form submissions are forbidden". Let's see exactly what's going on.

### _The Players_
1. We have a SvelteKit v2 framework running with adapter-node
2. We're using `vite dev` to run our development SvelteKit app
3. In dev mode, vite spins up a local express server
3. We're using ngrok in front of our express server to expose our server to the Internet
4. We're using [vite-plugin-ngrok](https://github.com/aphex/vite-plugin-ngrok/tree/main) to integrate ngrok with node

### _The Problem_
1. User clicks 'Create' button on my form, which is pointing to the `/create?/new` server action.
2. Browser sends the request to the reverse proxy, setting the origin to 'https://example.ngrok-free.app'.
3. The proxy sends that request to my local node/vite server, forwarding the headers with it
4. The node server (at localhost) hands off the request to sveltekit's routing handler.
5. SvelteKit looks at the request url, then looks at the header origin, and says 'Nuh-uh'.

### The Root Cause
After some debugging and putting breakpoints along the call stack to check the header vs request url, I was able to find the cause of the issue in sveltekit's vite dev mode
middleware, right [here](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/blob/main/packages/kit/src/exports/vite/dev/index.js#L464):


```javascript
...

vite.middlewares.use(async (req, res) => {
  // Vite's base middleware strips out the base path. Restore it
  const original_url = req.url;
  req.url = req.originalUrl;
  try {
    const base = `${vite.config.server.https ? 'https' : 'http'}://${
      req.headers[':authority'] || req.headers.host
    }`;

...
```
That **base** const is what's passed into sveltekit, where CSRF protection compares the header origin and "url".

What's happening is that vite is trying to recreate the url, but uses the local server's https setting,
which in our case is empty. Our ngrok server that's exposed to the internet is using https, but we're using http locally.
That means that in step 4 of The Problem above, the request is checked and finds a mismatch between 
what the header says ('https://...') and what the reconstructed request.url says ('http://...'), so it's rejected before it even gets to our
sveltekit hooks.

To fix this, we can modify the source code to pull the protocol from the request:
```javascript
const proto = req.headers[':scheme'] || req.headers['x-forwarded-proto'] || 'http';
const base = `${proto}://${req.headers[':authority'] || req.headers.host}`;
```

And :tada: now the Cross-site responses are gone :tada:!
