# Second dive into SvelteKit
This time around, I decided to focus on developing features locally and push the deployment down the road.
And that has mostly worked, I've learned a lot and generally enjoyed working with SvelteKit v2! But then
I wanted to share the site with a friend so we could talk about the design a bit easier. 

Then the old dragon reared its ugly head:
> "Cross-site POST form submissions are forbidden"

## This is where it hurts
Last year I ran into this problem because I was trying to code on a chromebook and wanted to collaborate with
a friend, so I spun up repl.it and set up a local dev environment, complete with their local data store.
But when I started trying to submit Form-Actions, I ran into the above error that at first glance seems
like a CORS issue. Okay, repl.it is doing some reverse proxying, that makes sense. So I went over the network
responses and headers. And I ended up going down a rabbit hole.

## Peeling back the layers
Behind the scenes -- in the sveltekit source code around request handling -- there is built-in 
protection against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks. This ensures that when a client submits a request, 
the browser tells us what the origin of the request is and we can be confident that the request and response have the same
origin. Where things get tricky is when we have a proxy (or reverse proxy). 

With repl.it, I couldn't find a way to dynamically get the server origin so that I could inject into
the environment. I read all the best stack overflow answers and scoured sveltekit's github [issues](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/issues/6589).
I decided to check out Google's version of a dev environment at [idx.dev](https://idx.dev/) which had just gone into early release. 
I think this is where I first encountered NIX's declarative environment tool and got to dig into that
a bit, but alas I still ran into the problem of not being able to pass in the dynamically generated origin.

## Two forward, one back
At this point I focused my efforts back at tracking down the root cause. Why was sveltekit unable to
see that the request was okay? I ended up adding logging handlers to track down specifically where the
mismatch was occurring. This led me to some ongoing github issue discussions and waiting for some dependency
to be resolved before moving forward. At that point I wasn't having fun anymore. So I decided to take a 
step back, put the project aside, and come back when those discussions were resolved.

## Once more into the breach
Fast forward many months and I see that a new major Sveltekit release just dropped. 🎉 Woohoo! So I 
pick up a new project to test the waters. And this time
I'm developing in a WSL environment so I can run my own node server instead of trying to get things working in
a janky cloud dev environment. Site's moving along nicely, I'm having fun again. This time, to expose the site to
a friend I decide to try out [NGrok](https://ngrok.com/) which is a reverse proxy with some extra protections.

Awesome, until I run into my old nemesis _"Cross-site POST form submissions are forbidden"_. I'm not
going down so easily this time though.

_... To Be Continued_
